[Music]
do
you a he was such a good boy so brave
just watch for chewing on the bandage
okay I've got a cone at home oh great
you can take off the bandage in two days
and just call us if you see anything
worrisome okay oh well thanks Dr Ellison
you bet bye buddy
[Music]
so I double disinfected exam room 4 and
I'm making a note on that great Dan's
file to make sure he's taken outside for
a bathroom break before the next
exam thank you so much Gabby yeah
anything else you need before you leave
just make sure the place doesn't burn
down until I get back oh uh yes uh Bruno
the armadillo is coming in tomorrow
Kevin can totally handle it just remind
him he has a tendency to you know walk
off the exam table got it oh and remind
anybody else who is on night Duty
observing the animals we'll do thank you
can I bring you back a souvenir oo yeah
um surprised me I'll do my best yeah and
hope mhm just try to enjoy your trip
thanks
really thank you thank you thank you so
much very good I appreciate it thanks
for coming thank you a
lot welcome back Mr Alan thank you was
the conference good yeah it's fine
thanks more business
tomorrow
actually no my suggest that tour the
city tour takes you to multiple places
and beaches offices Capa very nice uh I
don't know I was supposed to have some
meetings the next two days but turns out
they got cancelled so I'll probably just
change my flight and head home early can
you see such wonders at home I just an
overnight toour oh no no no I I don't
know takes you to epis few hours away
and then next day you stay in the city
nearby and you go to thermos Springs
nice beaches beautiful ancient cities
very
nice can I see it
yeah and I'd make it back in time for my
flight yes I will arrange it right away
sounds
[Music]
good thank you thank you
are you going to open
that oh uh yeah
soon first time in Turkey yeah uh you
yeah uh so what have you seen so
far my hotel room a couple restaurants
in istanb and a lovely Conference
Center well that's uh pretty bland mhm
yeah I know I'm here for work this
little Excursion is just my be tourist
thing oh well good for
you where you from Nashville that's
great I'm in Atlanta ah neighbors then I
suppose so my parent um my dad lives
there it's a nice
place is this it I think
[Music]
so welcome to Ephesus as you get off
please watch your step I will give you
your tickets as you get off the bus
explore as much as you want but please
please be back on the bus by 5:30 that
is when the park closes thank
you sorry have fun thanks you
[Music]
too thank you
here want a
photo uh yeah thanks
[Music]
beautiful uh the view it's
nice uh can I return the favor uh
sure just be sure to catch my good side
[Music]
yeah
thanks I'm Jeff uh hope nice to meet you
again you too
should we see if they have any books to
check
out you know cuz it's the library of
Ephesus no yeah I got that is that bad
yeah I'm going to go just do a decimal
some books yeah good luck with
[Music]
that did you know the library was
destroyed but they actually put the
front here back together huh no I didn't
yeah fascinating stuff you a history fan
not really I just have this thing here
and feel obligated to use it oh well you
could just go with a guide like a person
instead of a headset no no no you see
with a guide you're forced to listen to
what he thinks is interesting with this
it's got a skip button or you could just
stop listening you want to borrow it no
I'm good but you enjoy I'll fill you in
on any uh tidbits you need to know
about okay
[Music]
hey what's up
Mark oh
what are are you sure could it be for
something
[Music]
else okay um yeah I'm cutting my trip
short I appreciate the heads up yeah
yeah no no sooner the better I know I
know hopefully I could think of a way to
stop this okay thanks
[Music]
the tour doesn't finish until tomorrow
night I know I know but I have to leave
early I have many Travelers here okay
I'm not asking you to abandon them I'm
just saying how could I get back to
Istanbul quickly there is an airport 45
minutes away you could fly very quick
okay we are not going that way but there
are taxis here okay great thanks
hi what flights do you have back to
istb come on oh I'm so so
sorry hello hello you
there great thanks no I'm
sorry please don't please don't be
ruined this isn't
happen I'll be right back well uh Miss
something to do less
[Music]
one English Turk come on
come on don't be wet oh
[Music]
D what is that okay
please please please please please
[Music]
any tips for drying out a phone look I'm
I'm really sorry uncooked rice yeah not
sure I could conjure that up right this
moment I thought most phones were
waterproof these days well not sugary
drink proof I guess it was diet and have
you tried turning it off and turning it
back on again
yeah but I'll try
again nope nothing look I I'm really
sorry really and I have my phone if
there's anybody that you want to call
and if it if it doesn't turn back on I
will give you my information and I am
happy to pay for a new one okay
fine I mean you don't have to do all
that all right I'm just I'm a little
perturbed H you hide it
well I'm going to grab my bag and get a
taxi
so my back the butt
where's the
[Music]
bus I I told the driver to wait yeah
well looks like he didn't he left us
wait it was right there wasn't it yeah
maybe he was mad at the mess he made on
the Appster okay you're not
helping maybe uh maybe we could catch up
how on foot no if it wasn't for your
clumsiness you'd be on that bus I'd have
my bag and I'd be on my way to the
airport it's not like I meant to okay
look my passport is in my bag without it
I can't get on a plane oh no my passport
my phone my
wallet I still have my wallet okay let's
uh let's get a taxi and we could catch
up to the bus but the Park's closed out
it looks like all the taxis are gone now
too okay uh maybe we could excuse me
excuse me can you help us yes our bus
just left us and we have to find it are
there any any taxis
[Music]
anywhere that all gone but I help
you come really yeah thank
you can't believe that
worked you call the bus uh no his phone
doesn't
work what company company tour company
yes uh it was it was something in
Turkish it's on my phone that are many
tour buses where was it going for the
night I don't know um some Town nearby
okay okay town is very close I can take
you there oh thank you so much what if
it's not the right town I mean even if
it is finding one bus in it I mean it's
a needle and a hay stack excuse me do
you have a phone I could use I could
call my hotel back in instable I mean
they aranged the tour right so maybe
they could call the tour company and
stop the bus okay
yes here thank you you need watch oh I
here genuine fake watches see very good
I give you good deal I have a watch
thank you I left my wallet on the bus
okay
okay Hotel hi it's Jeb Allen I'm staying
there at the hotel hello Mr alen how was
the tour not so good I I got left behind
excuse me yeah the tour bus driver left
me and another passenger and all of our
stuff is on the bus do you think you
could call the tour bus company and see
if they could stop the bus or maybe send
someone to come get us yes can I call
you back my phone actually isn't working
I'm using this nice Man's phone right
now okay then give me 30 minutes and
call me back okay um sure thank you
[Music]
you're the best thank you so much for
the ride thank you can can I please oh
no no you keep oh
um gift oh wow thank you so much good
luck thank you bye
now what keep your eyes out for the
bus maybe we'll get
[Music]
lucky
nothing come on
city bus
yeah I'm starving let's see what they
have hi hi um could I have one of those
you want anything sure I'll have the
same thing uh two of those and two sodas
150 L thanks
I'll pay you
back if we can't find the bus maybe we
could catch it at the hotel oh man what
was the name of the hotel started with
like a
h okay well forget that um well it's
going to some more historical sites
tomorrow backup plan just meet it there
I mean if we can make it there in time
it don't work um here could you try this
one my cards have been giving me trouble
I'll
trip no
sorry I mean at least you have cash not
much Hotel isul hi yeah it's Jeb Allen
Mr Alan I afraid I have bad news okay uh
what the tour compan is closed I
couldn't reach anyone but they open up
again in the morning morning the
morning great what am I supposed to do
in the meantime I suggest find a place
for the evening call me in the morning
and I will see what the toll company can
do
okay any ideas on where we could stay
who's going to let us stay somewhere
without any money maybe we could find an
ATM cards don't work what about those
money exchange places I me they have
those everywhere which you need money to
exchange and we don't yeah but I could
call my dad or my assistant back home
and have them send us
money that's a great idea
yeah hi uh we need to transfer some
money here yes okay hello um we accept
many services do you have your
confirmation number and your passport oh
well I need to call to make the
arrangement still but we don't have a
working cell phone with us or passports
no passport no we have passort ports
just not with us good go get you bring
it here no you see they got lost along
with her phone her wallet look it's it's
a long story but we're just trying to
get to Istanbul and we don't have enough
money so I am sad without passport you
cannot get money here I have my driver's
license you said your wallet was lost no
no Her wallet's lost my wallet is right
here I just don't have enough money
money so I cannot you come back tomorrow
with passport transfer information I can
help but is there only I'm sorry we are
closed
[Music]
now I mean this has the potential to go
the same way as the money exchange shop
I had to show a Passport just check into
a hotel in istan yeah me too but I think
that whole like asking to stay for free
thing could be the bigger problem
then there's
[Music]
that wait wait wait okay you ask why me
cuz you got to to right from the watch
guy so that means it's your turn no that
means you're better at it than me and uh
well we only have one impression of me
so hi about come uh we have a problem
that I was
hoping maybe you could help us with are
your guests here no but we would like to
be you see we were on a tour bus and it
left us and all of our things are still
on the bus so we don't have a way to pay
for the room no sorry then I cannot
help uh what about this watch it's
genuine kind of sorry no money no stay
okay we'll work there's got to be
something here we could do cleaning
please we just need a place place to
stay for
[Music]
tonight
uh is he getting security I can't
say you here and the mob okay great
thank you thank you you're welcome
[Music]
clean the room in the morning you leave
early before manager comes 7:00 okay
thank you we will we will thank you
thank
you it's small
were you expecting a suite no I was
expecting to catch a flight to istable
tonight why our tour bus takes us back
tomorrow morning and an emergency come
up at work I mean you do realize have a
life to get back to right so do I yeah
well this whole Fiasco could cost me my
job what are you doing trying to figure
out this credit card mess
[Music]
showers free any luck with your credit
cards well they said it's not working
cuz I'm
overseas I thought they were supposed to
work worldwide yeah you would think so
are you sure it's not a problem with the
uh uh you
know your
balance no there's not a problem with
the uh
balance they said that because I didn't
call them before I went out of the
country that my charges would be flagged
as fraudulent even though it's
legitimate and you told them that
everything is fine
yeah that doesn't make any sense that's
what I told them but apparently they are
working on it and it should be fixed by
sometime
tomorrow so what about your other card
sadly it's through the same bank so same
problem yeah
exactly all right I'm going to get in
the shower all right I'm going to go to
sleep so I
guess you can have the bed and I'll take
the
floor okay
sh is
[Music]
dead tourists
oh no
[Music]
hi uh I spoke to someone at the hotel
last night is he
there okay I'm sorry I don't understand
anything you're saying um look did he
leave any word about uh tour company or
maybe Ephesus yeah yeah
Ephesus
hello
hello she hung up on me your hotel yeah
did you find out any more information
about the tour company or the name of it
I mean then we could just call ourselves
no all I understood was the word sick no
and Ephesus which she just repeated over
and over again what about you what about
me well your hotel or how do you arrange
the tour I just saw a pamphlet and
called I don't actually have a hotel
back in istanbull I checked out for this
tour hello you must leave now the
manager will be here soon
so what do we do now I don't know we
should probably try to get to the US
Embassy I mean our things may be long
gone at least they can get us what we
need to get home do you have any
educated guesses on where the closest
Embassy might
be a symbol yeah exactly okay we will
make our way there then uh hope the tour
company has our stuff and then if not
we'll go to the Embassy so glad you
pointed that out you know will you stop
it what stop acting like it's all my
fault I hate to point out the obvious
but okay then stop acting like I'm some
ditsy clumsy fool it was an accident and
I didn't force you to get off the bus
and I didn't tell the bus driver to
leave you and ever since then all I have
tried to do is whatever it takes to just
get us back to our lives
[Music]
don't stop here I'm thirsty well I
really think that we should save the
money that you have not at the risk of
getting dehydrated plus I need to see if
my cards work okay well I'm I'm doing
the math in my head and we're not going
to have enough money if your cards don't
work cross your
fingers hi uh four Waters
please
no the shot uh um all right just
two we have a little left enough until
my cards get
fixed thank
you thank
[Music]
you did I get one of
those yeah
here excuse me
what I think that guy just took my
wallet what that guy just took my wallet
what hey
hey wait did you see where he went I
don't
know great this trip just keeps getting
better okay well the joke's on him you
didn't have any almost any cash in your
wallet and I mean your cards don't work
so yeah until later today when we could
really use
them hey ch it'll be
okay
[Music]
somehow oh look how cute this place is
yeah adorable too bad we can't afford it
hello hi
hungry I mean yes but we don't have any
money come
it oh it sit thank
you
[Music]
e not quite what you expected I bet yeah
but it was really kind of her and well I
would love to have standards you're
hungry don't judge
[Music]
me it's not gross it's it's food it's uh
it's clerk
intake necessary it's necessary
necessary no you know what I can't do it
okay it's not going to hurt you and you
don't know that ah the human body is
pretty adeptive fighting off
bacteria don't say that word trust me
you'll be fine how do you know that I'm
a
vet fine fine don't believe me I'd
believe what you say about animals well
I'm pretty sure that I still have a
degree with word doctor in
[Music]
it okay okay you're going to feel better
once your stomach is full enough and
that angry feeling goes away
[Music]
not
bad
thanks and
hope I'm sorry for not making this any
easier I know you didn't mean for this
to happen
apology
accepted
thanks so
IST do you think we can hit rides to get
there maybe um I mean I'm Not The
Backpacker type but we have gotten this
far
so why are you here anyway I mean in
this country I um I was a guest speaker
at a conference what topic it's kind of
technical okay um basically data mining
while navigating privacy concerns within
Cloud
Technologies sounds
riveting yeah did it not go well or no
it was fine oh sorry you just said that
your job was at risk so I thought that
oh no it's uh it's
complicated oh sorry we can't pay it's
fine thank you
kind of restores your faith in humanity
huh
yeah any luck no still won't turn
on how serious were you about
hitchiking
semi I'm going to go ask this guy yeah
but what if he's criminal well I I was
going to saying what if he's not going
to
Istanbul one way to find out
excuse me hi um we need to get to
Istanbul uh we need a ride could you uh
drive us to Istanbul no English Okay um
uh Istanbul uh you go to Istanbul
right what is it a translation app
clever did you tell him yeah see me
typing just making
[Music]
sure I have some more deliveries to make
but then I'm going 100 km in that
direction I'm not going to istanb but I
could take you to that point yes thank
you yes please yeah okay
thank you oh uh wait
[Music]
um what are you doing I'm asking where
we
are
that oh okay thank you I'll s oh I can
keep it oh oh thank you have a good day
okay um so
where are we we are here so I think
North is
uh I think we have to go that
way wait hold on what I think that this
is
uh what I think it's one of the places
that we were supposed to stop on the
tour it is come on let's go could the
bus be here
[Music]
any sign of the tour group all the buses
out front were gone and it took us all
day to get here unfortunately probably
all long gone by
now well we should probably get going to
then hey can I take a few minutes here
please sure what is this place anyways
uh it's an ancient military fort okay
that's pretty cool yeah I just wish I
had my camera
[Music]
so what's with the envelope
they're letters they're all
letters my
mom she came here when she was younger
and she loved
it why was she
here to explore to be on her own I
think that's when she talks
about how strong the walls are and the
idea that
the fort protected people for centuries
and it made her feel
safe I think she was nervous about
traveling on her
own this
place how did she put
it she she felt like she got strength
from here that she took with her H it's
pretty neat did you write all the
letters when is
here uh no she wrote them a few months
ago before she passed
away I'm so
sorry it's okay my uh dad gave them to
me with instructions from her not to
open them until I got to the place with
the name on the front of
them things weren't very settled until
recently with my dad
so this was the earliest I felt like I
could come
so if she came here does that mean the
other letters are from other spots on
the tour yeah most of
them that's why I chose the
tour
wow
well it's an amazing gift she left to
you
yeah yeah it
[Music]
is thanks for stopping back
there it was cool
I'm glad we did I mean we might as well
enjoy something on this trip
right
yeah I think maybe we just keep on this
way try to get to the next
town okay I'll keep an eye out for a
ride coold aren you not really my feet
are killing me it's a like could think
about all of these Hills and Roads that
we've pass in still no Town can't turn
back I know
but oh a car wait hey over
here see
drunk are you
okay
yeah um
[Music]
thank
you I
uh I think maybe we should stop and find
a place you
know off the road for tonight
yeah good idea
what is this place no idea did you see a
sign
m- oh look at this try the door
um it's locked
okay not a bad place to
stop all right let's try over
there I missed my
hotel I know what you
mean at least it's peaceful out here
yeah
did you tell what that was
yeah an
animal wow that that degree it's it's
really
helped do you have any
pets
fish that's it I love my patience but
when I come home I need a break kind of
like how a pizza maker when he comes
home purposely doesn't eat pizza and
that's your analogy yeah it works if you
say
so so do you have any
pets no I had a dog growing up it was
CH is just this big massive ball of f an
energy what was his
name
CH my sister named him sure
so where else in the country did your
mom visit you know what you wrote you
about
Troy she loved big
mythology I actually already went there
before the Ephesus
tour like the uh saltan Ned in isol
where you can see the haa Sophia and the
Blue Mosque there's a sister in there
too but
I saved that one for
last that's
nice she talked about a lot of places in
our
LS some even more amazing but not all of
them got letters did she ever tell you
about them like when you were growing
up
no not
really we
uh we argued a lot say that we didn't
get along is an understatement was that
when you were a
kid
no whole
life I mean we were cordial during the
holidays but we could have tried more
should have tried
more I'm sure it wasn't just you though
yeah me it takes too
right what' you say about
Troy um
she like to imagine Helen and
Paris and all of the commotion that
their relationship start
up in the battle with mle
house
met
[Music]
leas she wondered about the Trojan
Horse who
wouldn't I don't know
surprisingly she was
romantic about it what's surprising
about that I mean wasn't the whole thing
some like big romantic
Affair yeah but she was just so no
nonsense and the side of her was
just
fanciful I me if that's the right
word maybe she had more heart than she
let
on H
[Music]
maybe still
cold I'll be
fine you'll be
cold I still have long
[Music]
sleeves thank
you you're welcome
[Music]
good night
Jack good night hope
[Music]
so just thinking ahead for tonight we
have got to find a way to clean
ourselves up so we can sleep so we're
more
civilized no argument there but that
does take money so well uh keep your
eyes open for a way we can make some
quick cash
then you all right
yeah just checking
smart I keep thinking I should try to
find a way to call work but I don't know
that it' make a difference why not well
I'm supposed to be in the office
tomorrow and I could think of a few
people that will know I'm not there not
in a good way well so they wouldn't
understand all of this more like they'd
use it to get what they want which is
what to see me fired really
yeah I found out my boss sent me here to
Turkey to just get me out of the
way I've been working on something and
it's getting a lot of attention like
really really good attention and turns
out he wants it for himself no yeah when
we're in Ephesus I got a call from my
buddy Mark um he's a cooworker and he
actually let me know that they were
interviewing for my position right
behind my back wait so that's why you
have to get back back
yeah I don't know if it'll make a
difference but figured I should try
right you have to at least stand up for
yourself yeah that's the
plan look what is that a Turkish bath
house isn't that just like a spa uh no
it's really more of like a cultural
thing although it's probably spot-like
in more of the rtier resorts definitely
not my
thing oo well that would definitely
solve one of our problems
hello come
please
come have you a Turkish bus oh uh no uh
we would like to but I I don't think we
can you can't come to Turkey and not
have a true Turkish bus oh uh we don't
have any money yeah oh oh what happened
to your arm it's flaw I slipped I mean
do you run this place by yourself
because that would be really difficult
yes Som days yes maybe we can help you
help yeah maybe we could do cleaning or
help with whatever else you need you
yeah and then in exchange we could use
the facilities and 600
L 5 l
[Music]
dear you go there uh stay
please it's for you but first clean then
you can bus okay I
[Music]
will you're there
M what
[Music]
this is the
best uh I'm all done with these where do
you want me to put them oh
there is this a lost and found
mhm hey how'd it go um
disturbing well we got paid
and I got a tip for scrubbing some guys
back really that's uh I don't want to
talk about it well
maybe this will make you feel better
where did you get that lost
found okay so obviously you've been
through an experience but we've got
money now so maybe we can find a place
to stay tonight sounds good uh where uh
maybe um
oh maybe I bed and
breakfast okay but no bartering okay I
don't want to clean anything or anyone
ever again don't worry you don't have
to taada so you're telling me you got
this room for 500 L 4 50 I bargained you
what I bargained not
Bartered and because of the extra 100
from your tip we can go out for a nice
simple dinner very simple other good
news breakfast is included you're
kidding you're
welcome okay so we've actually made
pretty good progress considering the
fact that we could have just driven a
whole lot faster with our imaginary cab
or rental are yes uh but worse comes to
worse it looks like we could walk this
in a day or two let's hope it doesn't
come to that if we get the right ride we
can be inable tomorrow morning really
yeah but if not we need to make it to
that point there and that'd be good
progress you know this is pretty close
to one of the original stops in the tour
if I'm reading this right which one the
bizaar Grand Bazaar I'm pretty sure
that's in Istanbul no there are bazaars
everywhere this is one of those enticing
spend all your money kind of stops that
they have on every tour but it's one
that your mom wrote about yeah but I
mean it's okay I can just go on my own
you don't have to oh no no no it's fine
um we should probably stick together but
uh first food
[Music]
please I say we use all the money we
have left that won't be hard but what
happened to saving it oh I don't know I
figured that you probably wouldn't want
to work for another meal and not to be
overly confident but things have gone
pretty good so far I
mean could be worse no don't jinx
it all right I got to ask how did you
become such a good bargainer or is that
the word m
negotiator sure you know what I mean I I
got it from my mom she used to take us
to thrift stores as kids you know to get
school stuff or whatever and she would
bargain with the thrift store employees
I would get so embarrassed I mean I get
it if something's overpriced or if it's
in bad condition but then trying to get
a dollar off of a used skirt I mean I
for one would love to see you
embarrassed I bet you would I dreaded
going and the thing is like everything
was fair game with her if you hated it
so much what changed cuz now you are
really good at it I don't
know maybe
it's just the choice of haggling or
going without here maybe I'm more
confident than I thought I
was maybe I'm channeling my mom on this
trip so you don't do this back home I
there's not really a need to unless I'm
buying a car dealerships fear me oh I
believe it so what's your secret please
teach me your ways oh
okay there are three steps to a good
negotiation
first
smile a
smile trust me it means that you mean
business but you're going to be like
cool about it got
it
[Music]
two eye
contact little intense but okay and the
third the third a handshake here it has
to be firm but not too firm confident
but not intimidating
just
like sealing the deal with
a mutual
respect it's good
hinche I think I'm turned around here
actually I think we found
it I hope you write your letter of
course I just wish I had my
wallet there's just so much to
see wow
[Music]
no no we're good we're
good dear hope it's been so many years I
hope the bizaar is still there I'm
wondering if everything I've written
still makes sense or if the places I
went to change too much to recognize by
my descriptions but assuming it's mostly
the same learn from my mistakes first
watch out for someone taking advantage
of the fact you're a foreigner I didn't
understand the money fully yet and paid
triple for a scarf I ended up giving
that scarf away a couple of years later
because it bothered me so
much second try something new this was
the place I discovered Turkish delight
not the Box stuff we can get at home
covered in powdered sugar but real
fresh-made Turkish delight I'm sure the
shops Chang but I remember buying some
there that became my favorite
try
[Music]
it hey good letter yeah um did you see
any Turkish delight shops uh yeah
actually down there but we don't have
any money I know I just want to see
it I'm
salivating we just St come on you can't
pretend that these don't look
delicious which
one feel like I'm going to get a cavity
just staring that
[Music]
one little outside our price
range well at least now I know why my
mom wrote about them just looking at
them is
[Music]
memorable hey I just remembered
something that I wanted to check out um
I'm going to head back oh okay no no no
um you must be tired and the hotel's
right there it's okay I I don't mind
I'll be quick I promise okay all right
be safe
[Music]
hey I think these are mostly dry thought
it'd be nice to have some clean clothes
for a change thank you I think I'd like
to burn these
so what's
that it's a little
tree here
um
okay
[Music]
what
how I actually
Bartered I um I just thought you
shouldn't miss out on anything your mom
wanted you to experience
[Music]
thank
you you're
welcome you're going to try some right
after you try it
first and I still don't quite know what
they are
[Music]
so
yeah that good
mhm all right
[Music]
wow that is not what I
expected huh that's a look yeah thank
you lost and found you're not looking
too shabby
yourself don't you want the
bed no you take it this time you sure
yeah
thanks so what's going to happen if you
go back and your job's not there not
sure part of me so angry about what's
going on I could put up a fight make a
big deal out of it but
but
what I'm afraid I don't stand a
chance I mean little me versus the big
boss besides I'm away and can't do
anything about it he's trying to fire
me by the time I get back am I just
making it worse for myself I
mean maybe if you go quietly he'll owe
you not that that's great either worked
really hard there
I mean if you go back maybe he'll just
stop what he's doing I hope so but even
if he
does I already know what he's
done do I really want to stay and War
for someone like
that you're just making me really glad
that I'm
self-employed all right question for you
now if you could write back to your mom
about your experience in Turkey what
would you
say I would I would tell her I've gotten
really good at
cleaning she used to critique my chores
when I was a teen she'd be impressed
now and I would have to brag about my
bargaining skills
absolutely oh and I would tell her that
I have learned how to Hitch
[Music]
he
and and I'm glad I'm not
[Music]
alone well this trip
is not turned out like anything I
thought it
would it uh it's still been a great
adventure
yeah yes
sorry no okay thank
you nope not going our
way it's
okay gotten really good at
walking found a good one yeah you going
to try it
mhm yeah yeah it's pretty good you're
bold aren't you supposed to wash those
first I think it'll be all
right good luck no I'm kidding I'm way
too hungry to care mhm
[Music]
it's a small
one thank you thank you thank you thank
you thank you so much thank you
M this is good yeah absolutely one of
our better free meals M excellent work
sir I've learned from the best
oh hey so I noticed something on the map
earlier H or just a few kilometers away
from some thermal Springs wait really
yeah isn't that one of the spots from
your mom's envelope uh yeah it is shall
we eat
fast are you going to eat that
[Music]
is that it I think it's down there it's
supposed to be beautiful you can get in
the water and everything come
[Music]
on
how
nature I don't understand it
[Music]
do you want to hear
it if you want to share but I I know
it's private so oh
no it's okay
[Music]
dear
hope I remember being upset when I came
to these thermal Springs I had talked to
my boyfriend at the time and it seemed
like everything was doomed between
us there I was in a paradise of sorts a
landscape so unique and
lovely I was just going to hurry and
take a roll of pictures and be on my way
then I saw it I can still remember the
shade of the water and all the Limestone
around it was it
Limestone I think so I remember soaking
the
pools and looking over all the
Springs it gave me
perspective one argument didn't
matter Only Hell I felt
mattered and I missed him and I wish
that he was there with
me and that's when I knew things would
work out with my boyfriend
and it
did your father and I got
married later that
year my favorite spot was in the pools
all the way at the bottom make sure to
take lots of
pictures so your dad can see
them love Mom
[Music]
come on aren't you going to get in I
already have my feet in that doesn't
count this is amazing come
on no when do you ever plan to come back
here that's not the point point Come on
get in you enjoy but enjoy quick quickly
Daylight's wasting and we have another
ride to
catch
okay help me
[Music]
out really isn't it nice I could have
told you that from up there at least
it's warm that makes it all better I'm
just just pointing out the
positive where are you going I'm getting
out now now you're getting
out you said we had to go so you just
wanted to see me get all
wet
[Music]
no I
just I just wanted to see you
happy I
[Music]
know well I should probably go check on
that
ride okay
[Music]
all right
Focus Istanbul is anyone going to
istanb anyone going to Istanbul
Istanbul worth the shot
hey wait hey do you remember me you hope
and and you yeah hi I hope you have two
seats on this bus you two are a mystery
come of course we have room for you
we'll spend two hours here and then we
go to famous Beach how long till we get
to istable uh we have a stop at a hotel
tonight so tomorrow late morning I found
your passports and things but did not
know where you were I told my boss but
we never heard from you good thing I
found you so where are our things I was
supposed to take them to our Istanbul
office but I forgot they're here
[Music]
hellow passport check close
check
wallet
lucky phone yes can I make a call go for
thank you
work
yeah hello Mark hey you there Jeb you
are alive you went dark a few days ago I
was worried yeah it's uh it's a long
story so what's the update what's going
on about the same except I had an idea
okay what it involves whatever proof you
can scr up of your work email Sheil and
HR safe from the boss and a board
meeting coming up in two days follow
yeah yeah that could work can you get
back in time yeah great see you soon
thanks
Mark so there's a way to save my job
okay uh I need to get back to istb
tonight and on a Plane by tomorrow
morning oh uh okay but
um the bus I know I know uh it'll take
too long come on let's
go oh let's
go Jeb wait come on let's find a
taxi Jeb hold on the bus is going to
take us back tomorrow
morning it'll take too long well I
highly doubt you're going to get a
flight out tonight you don't know that
well I
just you don't have to
go I was thinking we would
go
oh I
uh I would but the bus is going to the
beach and
it's on your mom's list yeah and I just
have the beach and the sister and left
so
yeah makes sense but it's only going to
be a few hours I mean I can't imagine it
would make that big of a difference back
home a few more hours could could be
everything but you don't know
that I know I can't take the risk if I
have the chance to fight for my career
everything I've worked for I have to do
it but if hope listen I've wasted enough
time with all of this I don't have the
luxury of sticking around for a bunch of
letters that don't mean anything to me
[Music]
I'm sorry that was
yeah um you should
probably you should probably get
going listen you know I didn't mean any
of and you should call about your wallet
being
stolen and uh you should take this stop
I can't how else are you going to get to
istan
ball thanks
[Music]
safe travels
then you
too bye
[Music]
and our next stop this beautiful beach
will be our last sight on our tour so
enjoy it this beach has a rich history
and is thought to be where ancient
Mariners landed ages ago and discovered
the beautiful sites of the Turkish
Countryside
[Music]
dear hope my trip was winding down and
all of my worries from life started to
creep in finishing College figuring out
my future of course your father was a
bright spot there but still I worried
I'd spent my trip letting go and
enjoying life growing up in some ways of
course but it was coming to an end being
here on this beach helped me relax I sat
on the rocks and looked out over the
water the sound was soothing I closed my
eyes and let that sound those waves wash
away my worries I have to admit I did
that a lot afterwards too it became my
technique I used whenever I was stressed
or whenever we argued no matter your
worries give it a try maybe it'll help
you like it did me
[Music]
Mr Jeb you are back yeah I am what
happened I thought you were going to
help me I'm very sorry I was sick I
almost went to hospital well glad you're
feeling better now do you need anything
sent to your room I I actually got to
get on the next flight so thank you in
the morning no no no there's got to be
something tonight it's late for such
departures but I will book something for
you no no no um I'll take care of it but
thank thank you I appreciate
it uh it was wild
Gabby but um everything is as it should
be
and I'm
fine well do you need anything are you
changing your
flight no um I should be able to keep my
schedule as is I've got one last stop in
this and
bow how's everything there Mrs Samuel's
cat snagged one of her Birds the bird
didn't make it but the cat looked very
happy uh I'll have that one yes and one
of
[Music]
those thank
you dear Mom someone asked why I'd say
if I wrote you back and it got me
thinking why
not my experience on this journey has
probably not been what you thought it'd
be I made a
good
friend and lost him
too I wonder what you'd say about
him where to
start okay so you have absolutely no
flights
tonight okay well uh I'll do the 10:45
tomorrow
then uh yeah yeah no I'm
here okay uh perfect thank you
[Music]
good morning good morning your driver
will be here in a few minutes perfect
thank
you I hope there are at least some good
memories of to you can't take
[Music]
home
yeah change your plans could you take me
somewhere else
[Music]
[Applause]
dear hope this s has some neat history
behind it I remember I spent the day
exploring all over Istanbul but this was
the spot that made me stop and think I
was so proud of how I fared on this trip
I felt twice as confident and
experienced in life and the world in a
way I didn't know I could be I lived and
that's what I want for you you are
incredibly talented and hardworking but
don't limit yourself with what you need
no follow your heart trust your
instincts I wish this was a trip we
could have taken together maybe away
from our normal routine and environment
we could have broken out of our mold and
stopped seeing the differences between
us maybe we'd see each other in a new
light but time's running out so I guess
I'll just make sure you know the truth
something I rarely said after our many
squabbles over the years I love you and
not because you're my daughter and it's
expected
but because you are amazing I love
everything about you even your strength
to hold your own when we argued never
doubt that
[Music]
love I love you too Mom
here you want a
photo what are you doing here well this
is one of the places to see in istan
right couldn't come all this way and
miss
it I just I thought you would be on a
Plane by now or back in
Atlanta eventually
but I had somewhere more important to be
today where
with
[Music]
you
but what about your job it'll either be
there when I get back or
not
but I do have the truth on my side and
maybe it'll be
enough well I mean you deserve
everything you've worked for and I hope
that they see that me
too I
uh I realized after you were gone
that I
never told you how grateful I
was to have you by my
side are you sure it was grateful
instead of
annoyed
eventually
but you made me
feel safe
and Dad e and
I I found myself enjoying every minute
of
it even The Crazy
Ones so thank you for that I was glad we
were together
too after all it was the best worst trip
ever
but I did make a mistake when I left you
at the
springs and you had to get back to estle
did
I I let everything I was afraid of with
my job overshadow what I felt for
you this morning I woke up thinking
about that plane ride Fring the entire
way home about my future but you're
here because nothing that truly matters
is on that plane or back
[Music]
home it's right here
I like your
logic yeah and I agree with
it wholeheartedly
[Music]